# Reminders

* __*An enum*__ is a special "class" that represents a group of constants (unchangeable variables, like __*final*__ variables). An enum can, just like a class, have attributes and methods. The only difference is that enum constants are public, static and final (unchangeable - cannot be overridden). 
An enum cannot be used to create objects, and it cannot extend other classes (but it can implement interfaces).

* __*abstract*__ is a special class

* > Wich one takes ?  [Check here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1f6gOhkju-FkL0OjjHRZqzJF-LvG9HR0L/view?usp=sharing)

* __*Difference  between Static and non-Static*__  
   Java programming language allows us to create a class within a class. It provides a compelling way of grouping elements that are only going to be used in one place, this helps to keep our code more organized and readable.
   The nested class architecture is divided into two: 
   * nested classes that are declared static are called __*static*__ nested classes whereas,
   * nested classes that are non-static are called inner classes    


    The main difference between these two is that the inner classes have access to all member of the enclosing class (including private), whereas the static nested classes only have access to static members of the outer class.

     In fact, static nested classes behaved exactly like any other top-level class but enclosed in the only class which will access it, to provide better packaging convenience.


## Scope of methods ________________________________________________________________
| Modifier    | Class | Package | SubClass (same pkg) | Subclass (diff pkg) | World |
|-------------|-------|---------|---------------------|---------------------|-------|
| public      |  YES  |   YES   |    YES              |    YES              | YES
| Protected   |  YES  |   YES   |    YES              |    YES              |
| no modifier |  YES  |   YES   |    YES              |                     |
| private     |  YES  |         |                     |                     |
